update readme to workspace structure (#2647)
nf-core/website: README.md

### Running a local server

Ok, you're ready! The website is split up into sub-sites using npm workspaces ([see blogpost](https://nf-co.re/blog/2024/new-website-structure)). One usually works on just one sub-site, e.g. `sites/main-site` for blog posts, event pages and general code components, or `sites/docs` for changes to the documentation. To run the website locally, just start astro dev mode for the specific workspace,e.g.,:

```bash
npm run dev --workspace site/main-site
```

or

```bash
npm run dev --workspace site/docs
```

> You should then be able to access the website in your browser at [http://localhost:4321/](http://localhost:4321/). Because the sub-sites are disjunct from each other some pages will not work for the specific dev server, e.g. when starting the local server for `sites/docs`, [http://localhost:4321/](http://localhost:4321/) and [http://localhost:4321/pipelines](http://localhost:4321/pipelines) will throw 404 errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should then be able to access the website in your browser at [http://localhost:4321/](http://localhost:4321/). Some pages will not work when rendered using a specific dev server because the sub-sites are disjunct from each other, e.g., when starting the local server for `sites/docs`, [http://localhost:4321/](http://localhost:4321/) the [http://localhost:4321/pipelines](http://localhost:4321/pipelines) page will throw 404 errors.
```
